Add timestamps to videos-list/10-rob.md (#47)
pymc-devs/video-timestamps: videos-list/10-rob.md

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfqPGGCpY6I

Event description:
Have you ever written a model in PyMC and aren’t sure if it’s any good? In this talk I will show you the many ways you can evaluate how well your model fits your data using PyMC. Not all these techniques may be applicable for your particular problem, but you will definitely walk away with a few new tricks for being confident in the models you fit.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/a-tour-of-model-checking-techniques-by-rob-zinkov/6056

## Timestamps

> 0:00 Introduction
> 2:12 Model evaluation vs. model selection
> 5:31 Example: Predicting radon levels
> 7:13 Reading and cleaning the "Radon Contamination" dataset
> 7:55 Comparing complete pooling, no pooling, and partial pooling radon models
> 9:59 Predictive accuracy
> 11:05 Splitting in-sample and out-of-sample data and fitting against in-sample data for all 3 models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
00:00 Introduction
02:12 Model evaluation vs. model selection
05:31 Example: Predicting radon levels
07:13 Reading and cleaning the "Radon Contamination" dataset
07:55 Comparing complete pooling, no pooling, and partial pooling radon models
09:59 Predictive accuracy
11:05 Splitting in-sample and out-of-sample data and fitting against in-sample data for all 3 models
```
